docs: adds interceptor testing (#57568)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/http/testing.md

// Assert that the application successfully handled the network error.
</docs-code>

> ## Testing a Interceptor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing an Interceptor
```

Author: Fixed.

This behavior can be enforced with the use of an interceptor:

<docs-code language="ts">
export function authInterceptor(req: HttpRequest<unknown>, next: HttpHandlerFn) {
  const authToken = inject(AuthService).getAuthToken();

  const newReq = req.clone({
    headers: req.headers.append('X-Authentication-Token', authToken),
  });
  return next(newReq);
}
</docs-code>

The `TestBed` configuration for this interceptor should rely on the `withInterceptors` feature.

<docs-code language="ts">
TestBed.configureTestingModule({
  providers: [
    AuthService,
    // Testing one interceptor at a time is recommended.
    provideHttpClient(withInterceptors([authInterceptor])),
    provideHttpClientTesting(),
  ],
});
</docs-code>

The `HttpTestingController` can retrieve the request instance which can then be inspected to ensure that the request was modified.

<docs-code language="ts">
const service = TestBed.inject(AuthService);
const req = httpTesting.expectOne('/api/config');

expect(req.request.headers.get('Authorization')).toEqual('X-Authentication-Token', service.getAuthToken())
</docs-code>

> A similar interceptor could be implement with DI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A similar interceptor could be implemented with injected dependencies.
```

Author: Fixed.

> A similar interceptor could be implemented with injected dependencies.

Reviewer: This work the same for `HttpInterceptorFn`, could you make this also a `HttpInterceptorFn` example ? Thank you.

Author: The `HttpInterceptorFn` in lines 150-157 already uses the injected dependencies (it injects the `AuthService` in line 151. 
> A similar interceptor could be implemented with injected dependencies.

Perhaps this is not clear a sentence?
It should refer to an interceptor example that uses DI / is class based.
Otherwise, I'm sorry but I didn't understand what you mean @JeanMeche

Reviewer: `inject` is in fact DI, so function using have injected dependencies, so yes we should rephrase that. 
You could call them class based interceptors.

Author: Changed 
> A similar interceptor could be implemented with injected dependencies.
to
> A similar interceptor could be implemented with class based interceptors:

This is more explicit and reduces the chances for confusion.

<docs-code language="ts">
@Injectable()
export class AuthInterceptor implements HttpInterceptor {
  const authToken = inject(AuthService).getAuthToken();

  intercept(request: HttpRequest<unknown>, next: HttpHandler): Observable<HttpEvent<unknown>> {
    const clonedRequest = request.clone({
      headers: req.headers.append('X-Authentication-Token', authToken),
    });
    return next.handle(clonedRequest);
  }
}
</docs-code>

In order to test it, the `TestBed` configuration should instead be:

<docs-code language="ts">
TestBed.configureTestingModule({
  imports: [HttpClientTestingModule],
  providers: [
    // Due to the Interceptor now being an Injectable, we need to pass it in the providers array

>     AuthInterceptor,

Reviewer: This isn't necessary because you're using `inject()`

Author: Updated `TestBed` configuration to:
```ts
TestBed.configureTestingModule({
  providers: [
    AuthService,
    provideHttpClient(withInterceptorsFromDi()),
    provideHttpClientTesting(), 
    // We rely on the HTTP_INTERCEPTORS token to register the AuthInterceptor as an HttpInterceptor
    { provide: HTTP_INTERCEPTORS, useClass: AuthInterceptor, multi: true },
  ],
});
```

Was also using the deprecated `HttpClientTestingModule` instead of the `providing`
